Depicts the solid friendship and sincere love story of 18-year-old youths who cannot give up love or friendship. The drama deals with the unique subject of cellular memory, which hypothesizes that memory is transferred to organ transplant recipients.Go Yoo is an 18-year-old student inhis second year of Hara High School. Go Yoo grows taller everyday, and he is often praised as a genius at basketball, which he originally started in order to grow taller. He’s also a charming student who manages to at least do averagely in school despite not studying. Go Yoo is too busy to date, and he’s preoccupied with protecting Joon Hee, but after he donates his kidney to Joon Hee, he becomes rivals in love with Joon Hee for the school’s No. 1 student and his first love So Yeondue tocellular memory syndrome.(Source: Naver; Soompi)
 The drama revolves around the incidents that occur in the police force and the joy, sorrow, and pain that police officers experience as they try to protect justice.Yeom Sang Soo, is determined to live in the mainstream of society by becoming a public official. However, he becomes an icon of misfortune with every case that he handles and runs into conflict with a superior. Han Jung Oh is Yeom Sang Soo’s co-worker and a female officer that works to fight male chauvinism. The two characters with high fighting spirit join efforts to solve incidents.
 Life's difficulties can take a toll on anyone, and this romantic melodrama portrays the story of a man and woman who are deeply affected. Through their growing empathy and understanding for each other, they embark on a transformative journey filled with new emotions.Sim Woo Joo's life takes a turn for the worse after her father's death, when she's forced out of her home by his mistress. Seeking revenge, she approaches Han Dong Jin, the son of her father's ex-lover. As she spends more time with him, she realizes that she's fallen in love. Han Dong Jin, a workaholic with a lonely life, finds his world turned upside down by Sim Woo Joo's arrival.
 Fund manager Jang Tae Ho is a cocky but skilled stock manipulator, who is used to getting things done his way. But when he fails at a scheme worth 35 billion won, his life is in danger as a notorious moneylender, Mr. Jung, hunts him down for losing his 7 billion won. Broke and in hiding, Tae Ho joins the hungry and homeless on the streets around Seoul Station, dreaming of returning to his normal life, until he unexpectedly discovers its 10 billion Korean Won underground economy. The pecking order among the homeless at Seoul Station is stacked like a pyramid. All the money collected from begging to selling personal identities and organs flows up the 7 levels of ringleaders to “Number One”, Kwak Heung Sam, who reigns at the top. Tae-ho decides to take down each level’s ringleader and conquer the hierarchy at Seoul Station with wit, fists, and guts. Will he be able to recover the 10 billion won and return to normal life again?
 Oh Young Sim is single and in her 30s. She has worked as a TV variety show PD for 8 years. She wanted to make people laugh with her TV shows, which were always cancelled due to low popularity ratings. Her career is now in a crisis. She has a chance to produce a love entertainment show as a pilot program. For the show, Oh Young Sim casts famous start-up founder Mark Wang as a guest. She is surprised that Mark Wang is Wang Kyung Tae. When they were little, Wang Kyung Tae had a crush on Oh Young Sim, and he always let her know how he felt about her. Oh Young Sim did not feel the same way towards Wang Kyung Tae at the time. He then suddenly moved to the United States with his family. They lost contact with each other afterward.Now, 20 years after they were last together, Wang Kyung Tae appears in front of her as CEO Mark Wang. Meanwhile, PD Lee Chae Dong works with PD Oh Young Sim in the same variety show department. He is always on her side. Also, around Oh Young Sim is her friend Goo Wol Sook. She runs the popular YouTube video channel "Ku\'s Date". Adapted from the animated series "Yeongsimi" (영심이), which in turn is adapted from the comic series "14-year-old Yeongsimi" by Bae Geum Teak 
 The life-saving journey of a Korean drug king in Suriname in South America and a businessman who was engaged in a secret operation by the NIS.
 Office politics take center stage for marketer Park Yoon Jo, whose lack of an academic background won’t deter her dedication to her work, and the smart and just Ryu Jae Min, who lacks any expectations towards their company.
 As a hardworking scriptwriter, So Hye is writing a drama about cancer when coincidentally she is diagnosed with breast cancer and learns she has five months left to live. She decides to live it up, leave no regrets, and do whatever she feels like doing. However, as a workaholic, she also commits to finishing her last project, then plans to leave quietly. But Hae Sung, a famous star, and her first love, suddenly shows up and her plans fall through. So Hye is actively opposed to casting Hae Sung as the lead in her latest drama. His stiff, robotic acting and constant nagging annoy her, and they occasionally have petty fights. But along the way, they actually seem to be falling in love. Meanwhile, Joon Ki has been by her side, both as her doctor and a friend. He knows So Hye’s bright demeanor sometimes acts as a cover for her secret burden. He knows her well, and he’s been through it himself. Though he can’t cure her, he wants to be her steady soulmate, and face the reality together. Joon Ki and Hae Sung fight for So Hye’s love, and with mixed emotions, she is indecisive. How can she decide when she only has a few months left? What is the best way to leave without regrets?
 Nestled quietly in the heart of a buzzing community, there sits a school that to any who might pass it by, appears to be quite normal. However, as is often the case, looks can be quite deceiving. Inhabited by several malicious phantoms, this school plays host to more than its dedicated faculty and lively student body.While most of the students at this school are largely unaware of the otherworldly beings who exist beside them, some are easily swayed by the phantom’s presence. For those who are easily manipulated by the specters, life has a way of quickly becoming a living nightmare as they’re forced to give in to the evil desires of their ghastly tormentors. But even as some students are swayed by the phantoms, others have taken on the role of a hunter and have accepted the responsibility of fighting against them.One such hunter, Lee Do Gyeom, has dedicated his life to this task. As a student currently enrolled in this phantom school, it’s up to him to save those afflicted by the evil which haunts its halls. But does he have the strength to take on this malicious force alone? 
 An office drama depicting a woman who became the first female executive in her group to make her career beyond her first to the highest position.In the background of an advertising agency, it contains realistic stories of the daily lives of those who live a life like war and behind the scenes in the industry.
 Kang Woo Hyun is a respected anchor at a broadcasting station. He has a lovely family and he is asked to enter the political field. His life seems perfect. One day, he goes on a trip with his family and a tragic situation occurs. Meanwhile, Go Dong Kook is a veteran detective. He takes Kang Woo Hyun's case and investigates
 In a time when dreams seem out of reach, a teen fencer pursues big ambitions and meets a hardworking young man who seeks to rebuild his life.Na Hee Do is a member of her high school fencing team. Due to the South Korean financial crisis, the high school fencing team gets disbanded. Getting through all the difficulties, she becomes a member of the national fencing team.The South Korean financial crisis also causes Baek Yi Jin’s father's business to go bankrupt. This leads to a life change for Baek Yi Jin, from living the life of a wealthy person to a poor person. While studying, he works part-time jobs like delivering newspapers. Later, he becomes a sports reporter for a broadcasting network.
 Yoon Hyun Woo is a devoted, hard-working, and loyal secretary to the Soonyang chaebol family, which runs the lucrative Soonyang Group business empire, founded by Jin Yang Cheol. During a power struggle between Jin Yang Cheol\'s children for control of the empire, Hyun Woo is ruthlessly betrayed and killed under the orders of an unknown member of the chaebol family. Miraculously he wakes up as a kid inside the body of the youngest member of the family – Jin Do Jun.After he realizes what has happened, Yoon Hyun Wo plots to use his new “identity” to formulate a hostile takeover of the group – and punish the people who killed him. But, will the cold-blooded and money-hungry CEO of Soonyang Group, one who firmly believes in right of primogeniture, be so easy to win over or conquer? Will Hyun Woo be able to wrest the reins from Jin Yang Cheol\'s children? And what role will be played in all this by a dogged public prosecutor named Seo Min Young, nicknamed “Soonyang Group Grim Reaper”?Adapted from the web novel "Youngest Son of a Conglomerate" (재벌집 막내아들) by San Gyung (산경).',
 Set in a high school in Mokpo, this webdrama perfectly reproduces various cultures and youth sensibilities such as music, dramas, movies, and fashion at a time, letting viewers to empathise and think about their memories.
 A suspense drama depicting mothers engaged in a fierce social media battle to destroy each others\' happiness for their own, to free themselves from oppression, hurt, and secrets, and regain their true selves.Adapted from the novel "Haengbokbaeteul" (행복배틀) by Joo Young Ha (주영하). ',
 When the door to another world opens, demons exist there. Ku San Young is possessed by one of those demons. Yeom Hae Sang can see the demon which has possessed Ku San Young. They try to figure out the truth behind the mysterious deaths related to the five sacred objects.Ku San Young is busy working part-time during the day and studying to become a low-ranking public officer at night. One day, she receives some articles left behind by her late father. Since then, mysterious deaths take place around her. She also finds herself slowly changing.Yeom Hae Sang comes from a rich background. He teaches Korean folklore at a university. Since he was a child, he has had the special ability to see demons in this world. He even saw his mother get killed by a demon in front of him when he was young. Yeom Hae Sang meets Ku San Young and he faces the demon which killed his mother.Lee Hong Sae is a lieutenant in the violent crimes investigation team. He only cares about advancing his career in the police department. Due to Ku San Young and Yeom Hae Sang, he gets involved in mysterious cases.(Source: AsianWiki)',
 Everyday is extraordinary for five doctors and their patients inside a hospital, where birth, death and everything in between coexist.
 At Doldam Hospital, Dr. Kim Sa Bu and his team are committed to saving lives. After three years, a state-of-the-art trauma centre is set to open, equipped with the latest in medical technology.Prior to the centre's official opening, however, a crisis unfolds on a North Korean ship that's drifted into South Korean waters. Doctors from Doldam Hospital fly out to help the critically injured aboard the ship. However, the patients need to be transported to the hospital. To complicate matters, the South Korean government wants the North Korean patients returned to their country as part of diplomatic efforts with their neighbouring country.Amidst the chaos, Cha Jin Man—the father of Cha Eun Jae and a former rival of Dr. Kim Sa Bu—is brought on board to run the new trauma centre.
 Our Blues" takes on an omnibus-style drama, which tells the story of diverse characters that are somewhat interconnected, in one way or the other.Lee Dong Suk, a guy born on the beautiful island of Jeju, selling goods from the mainland in his truck for a living. He meets Min Sun Ah, a girl with a mysterious past, who has come to Jeju to escape that life.Park Jung Joon, a ship captain, falls in love with Lee Young Ok, a diver with a bright and bubbly personality.Jung Eun Hee, a fish shop owner, reunites with her past lover Choi Han Soo. They cross paths in Jeju Island when he returns back, after realizing that city life is not for him
 Cha Mu Sik runs a casino bar, only to flee to the Philippines due to a crackdown by the National Tax Service. He launches a full-fledged casino business and strategizes winning over the political and business circles in the Philippines. However, he is suddenly framed as a suspect in Min Seok Joon's death and is tracked by Oh Seung Hoon of the Korean Desk. Betrayal is rampant in the presence of money. Who will be the last person standing? Co-production with the U.S.A.
 Despite disbanding after Do Gi\'s successful revenge, the Rainbow Deluxe Taxi crew, including Seong Cheol, Go Eun, Gyeong Gu, and Jin Eon, can\'t resist the call to reunite with their former leader. Though each attempts to live a regular life with a typical job, their innate desire to fight against injustice draws them back to one another. The group even welcomes a new member, a kind-hearted but clumsy young man named On Ha Jun, who stumbles upon the secret basement of Rainbow Taxi.Now fighting for more clients than ever before, the crew continues to battle on behalf of those wronged by an unequal society. However, their work draws the attention of a mysterious organization, which makes its presence known by killing one of Do Gi\'s targets before disappearing without a trace. As they try to uncover the organization\'s identity and motives, the Rainbow Taxi crew faces their toughest challenge yet.Adapted from the webtoon "The Deluxe Taxi" (모범택시) by Carlos (까를로스) and Keukeu Jae Jin (크크재진).',
 An unexpected case leads Lee Yeon back in time to 1938, where he reencounters Ryu Hong Joo. Once a guardian spirit of the mountain in the west, she's now the owner of a high-end restaurant in the capital city of Gyeongseong. He also meets his younger brother Lee Rang. Meanwhile, another former guardian spirit and ex-friend Cheon Moo Young has become hostile. Lee Yeon struggles to return to the present, to his loved one.
 Moon Dong Eun's silent fury against those students that horrifically abused her during her high school years continues to burn inside of her. She meticulously executes her plan to inflict ultimate pain on her tormentors. Meanwhile, the sudden disappearance of Son Myeong Oh has gotten the attention of the police and his friends. Joo Yeo Jeong follows Moon Dong Eun and is willing to do anything she asks in her pursuit of revenge. Before Moon Dong Eun begins her final moves, she offers her nemesis Park Yeon Jin a chance to save herself if she turns in to the police, but Park Yeon Jin has her own plans to stop Moon Dong Eun. A violent and bloody game of nerves plays out between these rivals.
 Lee Ra El was a girl who idolized her loving parents – a highly intelligent father and a strikingly beautiful mother. But when cruel forces beyond their control cause her father’s death, her family crumbles. Embittered by this terrible experience, she vows revenge on the super-rich people who orchestrated this terrible tragedy. Her prime target is Kang Yoon Kyum, the CEO of the lucrative LY Group business empire, and one of the ringleaders of the plot that ultimately destroyed her family.Lee Ra El’s weapon of choice is divorce. By placing herself at the center of a legal battle worth a staggering USD 1.6 billion, she hopes to bring Kang Yoon Kyum and LY Group down once and for all. But in order to do so, she will need to wage a bitter legal struggle and fight powerful forces both inside and outside the courtroom. However, this plan has been in the pipelines for 13 years for Lee Ra El, who believes she will use all of her guile to catch Kang Yoon Kyum out when he least expects it. Can revenge bring her the satisfaction she craves – or will it end up consuming her?
 Park Ji Sang is a doctor specializing in hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery in the best cancer research hospital in the country. He is also a vampire. Despite seeming cold and unfeeling, Ji Sang masks his soft heart and inner pain and yearns for closeness with people. He believes very strongly in the sanctity of human life and suppresses his thirst for blood to treat terminally ill patients and save lives.Among his colleagues is Yoo Ri Ta, a hotshot physician who entered medical school at the age of 17 and is also the niece of the chaebol group chairman who owns the hospital. Ri Ta is highly capable but snooty and prideful, yet Ji Sang finds himself falling for her. He also gets drawn into a conflict between good and evil as he encounters Lee Jae Wook, a two-faced hospital chief who gains everyone's trust with his gentle demeanor, but inwardly harbors a dangerous ambition for power and a talent for cruelty.
 A hyper-realistic comedy depicting the story of a 'military' recruit enlisting in a place where all kinds of people, from the good to the bad to the weird, gather. Adapted from the animation " New Recruit" (신병) by Jang Bbi Jju (장삐쭈). ',
 Yoo Yi Hwa lives with her husband, who is indifferent to her. Yoo Yi Hwa\'s life as a housewife is comfortable but boring. She begins to work at a bank as a contract worker. While working at the bank, she regains her confidence. But, Yoo Yi Hwa begins to steal money from her clients.Adapted from the novel "Kami no Tsuki"(紙の月) by Mitsuyo Kakuta 
 The story of a man who became a neurosurgeon though he dreamed of becoming a cook, and a woman who became a cook because of him.Lee Kang is a neurosurgeon, who once dreamed of becoming a chef. As a child, Moon Cha Young once met Lee Kang at a small restaurant in the seaside town. There, Lee Kang cooked and gave her a meal, which in part inspired her to become a world-famous chef. Many years later, the two meet again at a hospice ward and together they heal their own emotional scars by preparing meals for the patients there.
 In 2071, toxic air pollution had devastated the world, leaving only 1% of the population alive. People rarely leave their homes without gas masks, and delivery drivers known as knights protect and deliver packages. One legendary knight, Knight 5-8, meets a young refugee named Sa Wol who dreams of becoming a knight. With the help of Seol A, an officer in the Defense Intelligence Command, Knight 5-8 trains and mentors Sa Wol, helping him achieve his dream in a dangerous and harsh world. Adapted from the webtoon "Black Knight”  by Lee Yoon Kyun .',
 A high school student dreams of becoming an architect. However, she had to drop out of school after suffering from brutal school violence. Years later, the perpetrator gets married and has a kid. Once the kid is in elementary school, the former victim becomes her homeroom teacher and starts her thorough revenge towards the perpetrators and bystanders of her bullying days.
 'This series examines the hospital as a breeding ground for misuse of power. It is a place of conflicting interests and clashing egos. The doctors have the power to save lives, but the board has the power to kill doctors. In a building supposedly dedicated to the public’s health, it’s the personal vendettas that fuel people to get up in the morning. ',
 Hush” is an office drama about newspaper reporters and their everyday struggles, problems, and ethical dilemmas. Han Jun Hyeok is a veteran reporter for a newspaper. He first became a reporter to pursue justice, but he is now conflicted between idealism and pragmatism. Han Jun Hyeok must also deal with personal issues as a husband and father.Lee Ji Su is a bold intern reporter who isn’t afraid to say what needs to be said, even during a job interview. When she meets Han Jun Hyeok as her mentor, she begins to dream of becoming a true journalist.Adapted from the novel "Silence Warning" by Jeong Jin Yeong.
 'The storyfollows what happens when an ordinary familythat is on the verge of collapse due to bankruptcy and internal feudsgets involved with a bloodthirsty drug ring. In the midst of dangerous missions and close calls, the members of the family will band together and become a model family as they stand up against the drug ring that threatens their livelihoods.',
 'Moon Joo Ran grew up in a wealthy family. She is now a housewife and married to Jae Ho, who works as a doctor. They live in a house with a yard. Her peaceful daily life is abruptly shaken when she notices a strange smell in her backyard. This leads to Moon Joo Ran eventually investigating her husband and meeting Chu Sang Eun. Chu Sang Eun lives a completely different life from Moon Joo Ran. She grew up in a poor environment and, even now, suffers from financial difficulties. She lives in a shabby rented apartment with her husband, Kim Yun Beom. Kim Yun Beom works for a pharmaceutical company. Sang Eun is subject to domestic violence by her husband, Kim Yun Beom. Her life is completely miserable. One day, she receives a phone call that Kim Yun Beom is dead.Adapted from the novel "Lies Hidden in My Backyard"  by Kim Jin Yeong .',
 'People who commit cruelty against the weak in order to enrich themselves with more money and power while answering to no one are monsters. A man takes on the corrupt elite or “monsters” whose identities are hidden from the public after he loses his family in a conspiracy that was engineered by very powerful people. In a twist, he finds love amid the shady underworld and through this turn of events, this TV miniseries sends a message of noblesse oblige and the true meaning of life.',
 'Im Jin Hee is an enthusiastic reporter, out to do the right thing. She covers a violent case involving Forest, the biggest IT company in South Korea. The chairman of Forest is Jin Jong Hyun, who relies heavily on shamanism. During her investigation, Im Jin Hee learns of a spiritual consulting company that is affiliated with Forest. The head of that affiliate company is Jin Kyung. While trying to reveal the secret behind Forest, Im Jin Hee meets So Jin, who is possessed by a spirit and has a special ability.',
 'Baek Je Na is a third-generation conglomerate and a gold spoon of the highest class at Cheongdam International High School. Kim Hye In grew up in poverty and is offered a chance to study at the Cheongdam International High School in exchange for her silence on a murder she witnessed. Cheongdam International High School is a homicide mystery that follows Je Na’s rivalry with Kim Hye In as they are pitted against each other in mental warfare.',
 'The three girls, whose philosophy revolves around having a drink after getting off work, are back! The story of An So Hee, a television scriptwriter, Han Ji Yeon, a yoga instructor, and Kang Ji Goo, a YouTuber who does origami, continues into their thirties. However, An So Hee disappears with her two best friends, and Director Kang, who needs his writer back, embarks on a mission to find her. Where will it lead him, and will he ever find her? Adapted from the webtoon "Sooldo Girl" (술꾼도시처녀들) by Mi Kkang (미깡).',
 "Cha Moo Sik is the primary suspect in a ten-billion-dollar heist and two killings, hence getting imprisoned and deported to his home country, South Korea. He returns to the Philippines a year later in an attempt to seek vengeance on those who wrongfully accused him. In answer to his enquiries concerning the deaths of Philip and So Jung, as well as Chairman Min's death, he places one last bet on his life. (Source: Maeil Business Newspaper, edited by Krystale Mitaesa)~~ Co-production with the U.S.A.",
 'Won Mi Ho is the only daughter of her father who runs Daehan Group. Her arrogant and selfish attitude causes her to make a big mistake that eventually angers her father into banishing her to Jeju island. There, she is assigned to work as a high school ethics teacher. Unbeknownst to her, the island is where evil roams free. She meets other individuals on the island and together, the characters join forces to live. (Source: AsianWiki; edited by ENKII)~~ Adapted from the webtoon "Island" (아일랜드) written by Yoon In Wan (윤인완) and illustrated by Yang Kyung Il (양경일).',
 'Black is about a detective possessed by the Grim Reaper. Ha Ram can see shadows of death. These two struggle to save the lives of people, breaking the rules of heaven. ',
 'When reserved rookie boxer Kim Geon Woo squares off against loquacious southpaw Hong Woo Jin, Geon Woo narrowly prevails — but the two former marines become fast friends. As their friendship grows, so do the financial woes that plague Geon Woo’s mother. To save her quaint café from going under, she signs off on a hefty loan. But when it turns out she’s been targeted by Smile Capital — a ruthless loan shark business — Geon Woo and Woo Jin do everything in their power to make it right. Fate intervenes as the pair end up working for a generous money lender whose foster daughter is dead set on taking down the loan sharks.(Source: Netflix)~~ Adapted from the webtoon "Bloodhounds" (사냥개들) by Jeong Chan (정찬).',
 "Unfolds the ultimate counterattack of veteran homicide detective Kim Taek Rok, who has returned to investigate the secret mastermind behind the blackmailer 'Friend'.",
 'Heir Goo Won cannot stand fake smiles. When he meets Cheon Sa Rang, her sincere smile is at the ready. The pair seek to create happy moments where they can smile brightly at each other. King of the Land is a VVIP business lounge, a paradise catering to wealthy hoteliers. It is owned by The King Group, with hotels, distribution companies, and an airline in its portfolio. Now Goo Won has been thrown into an inheritance tug-of-war. With his brilliant mind,innate grace, and captivating charm, he has everything but lacks common sense when dating.Cheon Sa Rang makes the world brighter with just her smile. She is thrilled to land a job at the King Hotel, where she had some of her happiest times as a child. She must now put those sweet memories away and mature quickly to face the frequent workplace prejudices and misunderstandings that come her way. ',
 'This unfolding story ensues when military desertion arrest squad members (DP), Jun Ho and Ho Yeol, run across absurdities and unchangeable reality on a regular basis. Adapted from the webtoon "D.P Dog Day" (D.P 개의 날) by Kim Bo Tong (김보통). ',
 'Won Mi Ho is the only child of a father who runs the Daehan Group. She is arrogant and selfish, but she also looks sad. One day, she makes big trouble. Because of this, her father banishes her to Jeju Island. She is assigned to work there as a high school teacher. She teaches ethics.Meanwhile, Won Mi Ho gets involved in a case related to ghosts. The ghosts have sought to get rid of the human world. They target Won Mi Ho. A mysterious ghost hunter tries to protect Won Mi Ho.Adapted from the webtoon "Island" (아일랜드) written by Yoon In Wan (윤인완) and illustrated by Yang Kyung Il (양경일).',
 "The bright and diligent Do Hae Yi is a student at Yeonhee University. Because of her family's poor financial situation, she places a priority on making money rather than school. One day, Do Hae Yi suddenly joins the cheering squad Theia which has existed for 50 years at Yeonhee University. She only joins the club for money, but while participating in the cheering squad, Do Hae Yi starts experiencing the joy of campus life and meets various people from Theia including Bae Young Woong, who was once a member of Theia and he is an alumnus of Yeonhee Univers, supporting the cheering squad financially and emotionally. 
 "After a failed business venture, the debt-ridden chauffeur Seong Gi Hun lives his life gambling away the money he mooches off his elderly mother while failing to provide for her and his estranged daughter. When his life finally hits rock bottom, he receives an irresistible offer promising him a ₩45.6 billion prize in exchange for winning traditional Korean children's games against 455 other players, among them his childhood friend Cho Sang Woo. Commencing the games, the participants soon learn of the deadly consequences that come with losing.(Source: MyDramaList)",
 'Fame. Money. Power. One young woman fights to become the next hottest celebrity in the glamorous yet scandalous world of influencers in Seoul.
 "During the 1980s, South Korea was undergoing a political change leading to turmoil and social unrest. In a small town in Jeolla Province, two friends, Lee Doo Hak and Choi Cheol Woong, were trying to navigate their way through high school and adolescence. However, their lives were forever changed when Oh Jung Shin, a girl from Seoul, transferred to their school. The trio quickly became close friends, but the two boys developed romantic feelings for Oh Jung Shin as time passed, sparking a love rivalry between them. However, circumstances beyond their control began to rock their young lives. An unexpected incident involving Lee Doo Hak's family resulted in tragedy, pushing him towards violence and revenge. As political events escalated around them, could love be the answer to saving the day for these three young friends?